Task0
------
There are two lines executing access to the lists items for printing values.
The run time for this task is O(1) since to get item from the list is O(1).


Task1
------
There are two loops iterating through items of the lists to add them into the set
to avoid duplicated values. Iteration through all items of the list will take linear
time and it has O(n) time complexity. To add item into the set in average case will
take O(1), however in worst case it can become O(n). To get the length of the set
will take constant time O(1). The run time of this task is O(n), but if the addition
operation of the set takes O(n) time then this solution can become O(n^2) in worst case.


Task2
------
There is a loop to get all calls for calculating its duration and populating a dictionary.
The iteration through the list will take O(n) time, to add item into the dictionary in
average case will take O(1) time but in worst case it may take O(n) time.
To get a number with the most call duration there is a second loop which takes O(n) time
and performing condition and assignment operations will take O(1) time. So, in average
case the time complexity of this task is O(n) but in worst case it may take O(n^2).


Task3
------
There are two loops are used in this task and each of them will take O(n) time. To get unique
numbers the list is converted into a set, creation of the set depends on the length of the
iterable and it is O(len(...)), the operation len(list) will take O(1) time, so to convert a
list to a set will take constant time O(1). In this task the sorting operation is used which
takes O(nlogn) time. So, the time complexity of this task is O(nlogn).


Task4
-------
There are for operations are used to create sets, each of them will take constant time O(1).
The first loop iterates through a set which takes O(n) times and a conditional operation
which takes O(1), to add item into a list append() method is used which takes constant time,
O(1). The second loop is used for printing the list content and it takes O(n) times. To sort
data in the list sort() method is used which takes O(nlogn) time. So, this task takes O(nlogn) time.